**DETAILED ACTION**

**_Notice of Pre-AIA or AIA Status_**

The present application, filed on or after March 16, 2013, is being examined under the first inventor to file provisions of the AIA.

A petition for Prioritized Examination (Track 1) was granted on 5/14/2025. Thus this application is granted Track 1 status.

Claims 1-19 are pending, all of which have been considered on the merits.

**_Priority_**

Acknowledgement is made of Applicants claim for benefit to US Provisional application 63/738144 (filed 12/23/2024).

**_Claim Rejections - 35 USC § 112_**

The following is a quotation of 35 U.S.C. 112(b):

(b) CONCLUSION.—The specification shall conclude with one or more claims particularly pointing out and distinctly claiming the subject matter which the inventor or a joint inventor regards as the invention.

The following is a quotation of 35 U.S.C. 112 (pre-AIA), second paragraph:

The specification shall conclude with one or more claims particularly pointing out and distinctly claiming the subject matter which the applicant regards as his invention.

**Claims 1-19 are rejected under 35 U.S.C. 112(b) or 35 U.S.C. 112 (pre-AIA), second paragraph, as being indefinite for failing to particularly point out and distinctly claim the subject matter which the inventor or a joint inventor (or for applications subject to pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 112, the applicant), regards as the invention.**

The preambles of each of the independent claims are verbose and narrative in nature. The language makes it unclear what is actually covered by the claimed methods.

Regarding claim 1: The preamble of the method references ‘leveraging [the amniotic membrane’s] regenerative and anti-inflammatory properties to enhance corneal health prior to surgery…. thereby improving visual outcome postoperatively’. First, it is unclear if ‘leveraging…’ is to involve an active step, or if this is merely recitation of an inherent effect. If an active step is required, it should be recited in the body of the claim in a clear manner using a gerund. Second, the preamble references a surgery (presumably a cataract surgery) as well as a postoperative outcome, however the method does not involve actual steps of performing cataract surgery. It is therefore unclear if the claim is intending to include a step of performing the surgery, or not. The metes and bounds of the claim are unclear.

Furthermore, reference to “visual outcome” (in both preamble and in line 9) are unclear if they are referring to the visual appearance of the eye following placement of the amniotic membrane and/or surgery, or visual ability of the subject following placement and/or surgery.

Furthermore, it is unclear how the step of “applying said amniotic membrane to said eye to improve corneal health…” serves to “ensure enhanced accuracy in intraocular lens selection”. Neither the claims nor the specification provide any clear correlation between these steps, thus it is unclear how the amniotic membrane must be applied to ensure accuracy in intraocular lens selection. It is emphasized that taking biometric measurement is not a claimed step.

Dependent claims 2-8 depend from claim 1, inherit the deficiency, and so are rejected on the same basis.

Regarding claim 8: The term “significant” in claim 8 is a relative term which renders the claim indefinite. The term “significant” is not defined by the claim, the specification does not provide a standard for ascertaining the requisite degree, and one of ordinary skill in the art would not be reasonably apprised of the scope of the invention. I it unclear what would constitute ‘significant’ corneal trauma.

Furthermore, in claim 8, it is unclear what recovery is being monitored. Recovery following application of the amniotic membrane? Or recovery following the cataract surgery?

Regarding claim 9: There is insufficient antecedent basis for the limitation “the cornea” in line 6.

Furthermore, the last step of claim 9 requires removing said contact lens or said amniotic membrane after verifying an improvement in corneal health or reduction in dry eye symptoms. It is not clear if the method is limited to subjects who are in need of improvement in corneal health or who are experiencing dry eye symptoms. The metes and bounds of the claim are unclear.

Dependent claims 10-13 depend from claim 9, inherit the deficiency, and so are rejected on the same basis.

Regarding claim 11: Claim 11 states that the method requires capturing images to document that the amniotic membrane _remains_ centered on said eye during the duration of the application, but the claim does not previously require that the amniotic membrane _be_ centered on said eye during application. It is thus unclear if the claim must also require centering the amniotic membrane (and contact lens?) on the eye during application.

Regarding claim 13: It is unclear if/how claim 13 correlates to parent claim 9. Specifically, it is unclear if claim 13 is reciting an additional step of claim 13, and if so, what exactly is required as part of the “using” step, or if claim 13 is attempting to define the intention of the method of claim 13 (as in, introducing a limitation into the preamble). Ultimately, the metes and bounds of the claim are unclear.

Regarding claim 14: The preamble of the method references ‘leveraging [the amniotic membrane’s] regenerative and anti-inflammatory properties to enhance corneal health prior to surgery…. thereby improving visual outcome postoperatively’. First, it is unclear if ‘leveraging…’ is to involve an active step, or if this is merely recitation of an inherent effect. If an active step is required, it should be recited in the body of the claim in a clear manner using a gerund. Second, the preamble references a surgery (presumably a cataract surgery) as well as a postoperative outcome, however the method does not involve actual steps of performing cataract surgery. It is therefore unclear if the claim is intending to include a step of performing the surgery, or not. The metes and bounds of the claim are unclear.

Furthermore, reference to “visual outcome” is unclear if they are referring to the visual appearance of the eye following placement of the amniotic membrane and/or surgery, or visual ability of the subject following placement and/or surgery.

The active steps of the claim are not presented in chronological order. This confuses the claim, and correction is required.

There are two steps that describe application of the amniotic membrane, as they are not identical, it is unclear which step(s) are to be performed.  
Furthermore, it is unclear how the step of “applying said amniotic membrane to said eye to improve corneal health…” serves to “ensure enhanced accuracy in intraocular lens selection”. Neither the claims nor the specification provide any clear correlation between these steps, thus it is unclear how the amniotic membrane must be applied to ensure accuracy in intraocular lens selection. It is emphasized that taking biometric measurement is not a claimed step.

In the step of “repeating the application… if a corneal assessment indicates incomplete healing” it is unclear what incomplete healing refers to (incomplete healing of what?). It is also not clear that a corneal assessment is part of the claimed method or not.

Dependent claims 15-19 depend from claim 14, inherit the deficiency, and so are rejected on the same basis.

Regarding claim 18: There is insufficient antecedent basis for the limitation “the optimized ocular surface”.

Regarding claim 19: The term “significant” in claim 19 is a relative term which renders the claim indefinite. The term “significant” is not defined by the claim, the specification does not provide a standard for ascertaining the requisite degree, and one of ordinary skill in the art would not be reasonably apprised of the scope of the invention. I it unclear what would constitute ‘significant’ corneal trauma.

It is unclear if claim 19 is requiring biometric measurements to be conducted.

**_Claim Rejections - 35 USC § 112_**

The following is a quotation of 35 U.S.C. 112(d):

(d) REFERENCE IN DEPENDENT FORMS.—Subject to subsection (e), a claim in dependent form shall contain a reference to a claim previously set forth and then specify a further limitation of the subject matter claimed. A claim in dependent form shall be construed to incorporate by reference all the limitations of the claim to which it refers.

The following is a quotation of pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 112, fourth paragraph:

Subject to the following paragraph [i.e., the fifth paragraph of pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 112], a claim in dependent form shall contain a reference to a claim previously set forth and then specify a further limitation of the subject matter claimed. A claim in dependent form shall be construed to incorporate by reference all the limitations of the claim to which it refers.

**Claim 13 is rejected under 35 U.S.C. 112(d) or pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 112, 4th paragraph, as being of improper dependent form for failing to further limit the subject matter of the claim upon which it depends, or for failing to include all the limitations of the claim upon which it depends.**

Regarding claim 13: It is unclear if/how claim 13 further limits the method of parent claim 9. It is not clear that claim 13 is requiring an additional active step, or rather stating a non-limiting intention of the previously described method.

Applicant may cancel the claim(s), amend the claim(s) to place the claim(s) in proper dependent form, rewrite the claim(s) in independent form, or present a sufficient showing that the dependent claim(s) complies with the statutory requirements.

**_Claim Rejections - 35 USC § 102_**

The following is a quotation of the appropriate paragraphs of 35 U.S.C. 102 that form the basis for the rejections under this section made in this Office action:

A person shall be entitled to a patent unless –

(a)(1) the claimed invention was patented, described in a printed publication, or in public use, on sale, or otherwise available to the public before the effective filing date of the claimed invention.

**Claims 1, 5, 7 and 8 are rejected under 35 U.S.C. 102(a)(1) as being anticipated by Yeu et al (Clinical Ophthalmology, 2022).**

Yeu et al uses cryopreserved amniotic membrane (CAM) to treat epithelial basement membrane dystrophy (EBMD) prior to cataract surgery (See abstract: Purpose). Inclusion criteria were_, inter alia_, aged 50 years or greater who had significant EBMD and were intending to undergo cataract surgery. Subjects meeting inclusion criteria underwent biometric baseline slit lamp examination/photography with and without fluorescein staining, corneal topography, and IOL calculation using Holladay I formula (See Pg 786 “Methods”). Corneal debridement was performed. Then self-retained CAM (PROKERA®) was rinsed with sterile saline, then placed on the ocular surface. Postoperative pain control was provided to be used as needed. To measure corneal reepithelialization, subjects were examined daily for the first postoperative week using slit lamp photography with fluorescein staining. After complete re-epithelialization, the self-retaining CAM was removed and a therapeutic bandage contact lens (BCL) was placed for a further week. At one month, and then again at one month plus two weeks, corneal topography and IOL calculations were taken. Additional post-procedural measurements included ocular pain and discomfort, corneal clarity and post-debridement complications. Subjects later underwent cataract surgery. Following cataract surgery, refraction and ocular surface stability were evaluated (See Pg 787-788 “Methods”).

Regarding claim 1: The subjects in the treatment group are being relied upon for this rejection. For the reasons set forth above under 35 USC 112(b), the language of the preamble does not clearly impart limitations to the method.

Given one of the inclusion criteria was “intending to undergo cataract surgery”, it means Yeu et al _identified patients requiring cataract surgery_.

Given one of the inclusion criteria was ‘had significant EBMD’ means Yeu et al _diagnosed ocular surface conditions_ (EBMD being an ocular surface condition).

The step of applying the CAM reads on _applying said amniotic membrane to said eye_. The effect of the CAM on corneal health and accuracy in future IOL selection to improve visual outcome of a future cataract surgery are inherent.

The CAM remained present on the ocular surface for a week. This reads on _allowing the therapeutic properties of said amniotic membrane to be absorbed by said eye_.

The steps of evaluating re-epithelialization reads on _evaluating the patient’s ocular surface health after applying said amniotic membrane_.

Regarding claim 5: Following the discussion of claim 1 above, the step of monitoring re-epithelialization which reads on _monitoring patient recovery after applying said amniotic membrane_.

The steps of re-measuring corneal topography at one month and one month plus two weeks reads on _conducting a corneal assessment to evaluate healing and ocular surface improvement_.

Regarding claim 7: Following the discussion of claim 1 above, the steps of monitoring re-epithelialization, re-measuring corneal topography at one month and one month plus two weeks, reads on _conducting biometric measurements to assess ocular parameters_.

The step of taking new IOL calculations reads on _selecting an intraocular lens based on the optimized ocular surface_.

The fact that the subjects later received cataract surgery means that _surgical plans [for cataracts] were finalized_.

Regarding claim 8: Following discussion of claim 1 above, the fact that the CAM was left on for one week reads on an _extended application_ . Thus the method involved _incorporating extended applications of said amniotic membrane to address…corneal trauma_.

The step of monitoring re-epithelialization reads on _monitoring recovery_ before taking later biometric measurements, such as the re-measuring corneal topography at one month and one month plus two weeks.

**_Claim Rejections - 35 USC § 103_**

The following is a quotation of 35 U.S.C. 103 which forms the basis for all obviousness rejections set forth in this Office action:

A patent for a claimed invention may not be obtained, notwithstanding that the claimed invention is not identically disclosed as set forth in section 102, if the differences between the claimed invention and the prior art are such that the claimed invention as a whole would have been obvious before the effective filing date of the claimed invention to a person having ordinary skill in the art to which the claimed invention pertains. Patentability shall not be negated by the manner in which the invention was made.

**Claims 1 and 5-8 are rejected under 35 U.S.C. 103 as being unpatentable over Yeu et al (Clinical Ophthalmology, 2022).**

The teachings of Yeu et al are set forth above.

Regarding claim 6: Yeu et al does not teach applying a second CAM if healing of the corneal (_e.g._ re-epithelialization of the cornea) is not complete. However, it is submitted that it would have been _prima facie_ obvious to have removed the first CAM and applied a second ‘fresh’ CAM if corneal healing were not complete. This conclusion of obviousness is based on logic held by an artisan of ordinary skill. The claimed step is repeating application of treatment agent if the desired goal (re-epithelialization of cornea) was not achieved with the first treatment. One would have had a reasonable expectation of successfully repeating the application of the CAM because Yeu et al teaches how to apply, and remove the CAM.

**Claims 1-19 are rejected under 35 U.S.C. 103 as being unpatentable over Yeu et al (Clinical Ophthalmology, 2022), evidenced by Prokera® Technical Guide (2014), in view of Mcgaughy et al (Ophthalmic Pearls, 2015).**

The teachings of Yeu et al are set forth above.

Regarding claims 2-3: Yeu et al use Prokera® amniotic membrane. Prokera® is a sutureless, self-supporting amniotic membrane appropriate for application to ocular surfaces in an in-office setting for regeneration of corneal surface. AmbioDisc is an alternative sutureless amniotic membrane materials appropriate for application to ocular surfaces in an in-office setting for corneal regeneration (See Mcgaughy et al, Pg 31-32 “Types of Amniotic membrane” and Pg. 32 “Clinical Applications”). Given that both Prokera(R) and AmbioDisk were known as amniotic membrane materials appropriate for in office settings for corneal regeneration, it would have been _prima facie_ obvious to have substituted the AmbioDisk for the Prokera(R) amniotic membrane in order to achieve predictable results in terms of re-epithelialization of the corneal surface. Substitution of one element for another known in the field, wherein the result of the substitution would have been predictable, is considered to be obvious. See _KSR International Co. v Teleflex Inc_ 82 USPQ2d 1385 (US 2007) at page 1395.

In using either Prokera(R) or AmbioDisk, official notice is taken it was standard operating procedure to ensure sterility of prosthetic materials intended for application to the body. Both Prokera(R) and AmbioDisk are provided in sterile packaging. It would have been _prima facie_ obvious for the doctor to check for package breaks that would compromise sterility prior to use. This reads on _preparing said amniotic membrane by ensuring its sterility and sizing for its application_.

Prokera(R) is a self-supported amniotic membrane, thus use of a supporting contact lens is not required. However, AmbioDisk is not self-supporting, and application involves placing the amniotic membrane disk onto the ocular surface, orienting the graft appropriately, smoothing the graft onto the ocular surface, and then placing a bandage contact lens to cover the membrane and corneal surface (See Mcgaughy et al, Pg 32 “How to Apply AM in the office”). When using AmbioDisk, it would therefore have been _prima facie_ obvious to have _placed the amniotic membrane onto the ocular surface beneath a contact lens to secure it in position_, and then further _smoothed the amniotic membrane_ using any appropriate material, such as a _surgical sponge_, to _ensure even coverage and adherence_.

Regarding claim 4: Following the discussion of claim 2 above, asking a patient about discomfort and checking for proper placement are standard operating procedure in the art. Prokera(R) Technical Guide describes checking placement (See step 6). Yeu et al teach monitoring for patient discomfort and pain. Therefore, steps of _monitoring the patient for initial discomfort and ensuring correct placement of said contact lens_ following placement of an AmbioDisk to the ocular surface would have been _prima facie_ obvious.

Regarding claims 9-10: Following the discussion of claim 2 above, it would have been _prima facie_ obvious to have carried out the protocol of Yeu et al using AmbioDisk in place of the Prokera(R) amniotic membrane. This modified method would involve:

Obtaining the AmbioDisk product, and checking for package breaks that would compromise sterility prior to use. This reads on _preparing said amniotic membrane by ensuring its sterility_.

Placing the AmbioDisk on the eye, smoothing on the ocular surface, and then covering with the bandage contact lens. This differs from the claimed method which requires application of the amniotic membrane to the contact lens, smoothing the amniotic membrane onto the contact lens, and then placing the amniotic membrane + contact lens onto the eye. However, as ultimately the amniotic membrane and the contact lens need to be applied to the ocular surface, any order of combining/application would have been _prima facie_ obvious. There is legal precedence to conclude that selection of any order of performing process steps is _prima facie_ obvious in the absence of new or unexpected results. See MPEP 2144.04(IV)(C). Thus the steps of _placing said amniotic membrane inside said contact lens prior to application on an eye, smoothing the amniotic membrane onto the contact lens using_ any suitable means, including _a surgical sponge_, to _ensure full contact_ are considered obvious.

The step of applying the amniotic membrane and contact lens to the ocular surface reads on the step of _positioning said contact lens and said amniotic membrane onto said eye such that the amniotic membrane contacts the cornea_.

Keeping the amniotic membrane on the ocular surface for a week. This reads on _maintaining said contact lens in place for a time sufficient to allow regeneration and anti-inflammatory factors to absorb into said eye._

Removing the amniotic membrane after re-epithelialization is complete. This reads on _removing said contact lens or said amniotic membrane after verifying ani improvement in corneal health_.

Regarding claim 11: Checking the placement to ensure the material remains in place is considered a matter of routine optimization, as migration of the AmbioDisk from the intended position would reduce the efficacy. Thus the step of claim 11 is considered _prima facie_ obvious.

Regarding claim 12: Following the discussion of claim 9 above, AmbioDisk is a _dehydrated amniotic membrane_. It necessarily has _regenerative and anti-inflammatory properties_.

Regarding claim 13: Following the discussion of claim 9 above, the method serves to prepare the ocular surface for future cataracts surgery.

Regarding claims 14-15: Following the discussion of claim 2 above, it would have been _prima facie_ obvious to have carried out the protocol of Yeu et al using AmbioDisk in place of the Prokera(R) amniotic membrane. This modified method would involve:

_Identifying patients requiring cataract surgery_.

_Diagnosing ocular surface conditions_ (EBMD being an ocular surface condition).

Applying the AmbioDisk to the cornea, which reads on _applying said amniotic membrane to said eye_. The effect of the amniotic membrane on corneal health and accuracy in future IOL selection to improve visual outcome of a future cataract surgery are inherent.

Smoothing the AmbioDisk onto the ocular surface, which reads on _smoothing said amniotic membrane to ensure even coverage and adherence._ Use of a _surgical sponge_ would have been _prima facie_ obvious selection of a suitable tool for performing the step.

Placing a bandage contact lens over the AmbioDisk, which reads on _placing said amniotic membrane onto the ocular surface beneath a contact lens to secure it in position_.

Allowing the amniotic membrane to remain present on the ocular surface for a week. This reads on _allowing the therapeutic properties of said amniotic membrane to be absorbed by said eye_.

The steps of evaluating re-epithelialization reads on _evaluating the patient’s ocular surface health after applying said amniotic membrane_.

It is submitted that it would have been _prima facie_ obvious to have removed the first amniotic membrane and applied a second ‘fresh’ amniotic membrane if corneal healing were not complete. This conclusion of obviousness is based on logic held by an artisan of ordinary skill. The claimed step is repeating application of treatment agent if the desired goal (re-epithelialization of cornea) was not achieved with the first treatment. One would have had a reasonable expectation of successfully repeating the application of the amniotic membrane because Mcgaughy et al teaches how to apply, and remove the amniotic membrane.

Regarding claim 16: Following the discussion of claim 14 above, asking a patient about discomfort and checking for proper placement are standard operating procedure in the art. Prokera(R) Technical Guide describes checking placement (See step 6). Yeu et al teach monitoring for patient discomfort and pain. Therefore, steps of _monitoring the patient for initial discomfort and ensuring correct placement of said contact lens_ following placement of an AmbioDisk to the ocular surface would have been _prima facie_ obvious.

Regarding claim 17: Following the discussion of claim 14 above, the step of monitoring re-epithelialization which reads on _monitoring patient recovery after applying said amniotic membrane_.

The steps of re-measuring corneal topography at one month and one month plus two weeks reads on _conducting a corneal assessment to evaluate healing and ocular surface improvement_.

Regarding claim 18: Following the discussion of claim 14 above, the steps of monitoring re-epithelialization, re-measuring corneal topography at one month and one month plus two weeks, reads on _conducting biometric measurements to assess ocular parameters_.

The step of taking new IOL calculations reads on _selecting an intraocular lens based on the optimized ocular surface_.

The fact that the subjects later received cataract surgery means that _surgical plans [for cataracts] were finalized_.

Regarding claim 19: Following discussion of claim 14 above, the fact that the amniotic membrane is left on for one week reads on an _extended application_ . Thus the method involved _incorporating extended applications of said amniotic membrane to address…corneal trauma_.

The step of monitoring re-epithelialization reads on _monitoring recovery_ before taking later biometric measurements, such as the re-measuring corneal topography at one month and one month plus two weeks.

**_Additional Prior Art_**

The following prior art is made of record, though not relied upon for a rejection at this time:

**Wongs J, et al.** Ocular surface optimization with cryopreserved amniotic membrane prior to cataract surgery. Presented at: American Society of Cataract and Refractive Surgery meeting; May 5-8, 2023; San Diego. (VIDEO, accessible at [https://www.healio.com/news/ophthalmology/20230703/video-cryopreserved-amniotic-membrane-beneficial-before-cataract-surgery](https://www.healio.com/news/ophthalmology/20230703/video-cryopreserved-amniotic-membrane-beneficial-before-cataract-surgery)).

**_Conclusion_**

Any inquiry concerning this communication or earlier communications from the examiner should be directed to ALLISON M FOX whose telephone number is (571)272-2936. The examiner can normally be reached M-F 10-6 EST.

Examiner interviews are available via telephone, in-person, and video conferencing using a USPTO supplied web-based collaboration tool. To schedule an interview, applicant is encouraged to use the USPTO Automated Interview Request (AIR) at http://www.uspto.gov/interviewpractice.

If attempts to reach the examiner by telephone are unsuccessful, the examiner’s supervisor, Christopher Babic can be reached at 571-272-8507. The fax phone number for the organization where this application or proceeding is assigned is 571-273-8300.

Information regarding the status of published or unpublished applications may be obtained from Patent Center. Unpublished application information in Patent Center is available to registered users. To file and manage patent submissions in Patent Center, visit: https://patentcenter.uspto.gov. Visit https://www.uspto.gov/patents/apply/patent-center for more information about Patent Center and https://www.uspto.gov/patents/docx for information about filing in DOCX format. For additional questions, contact the Electronic Business Center (EBC) at 866-217-9197 (toll-free). If you would like assistance from a USPTO Customer Service Representative, call 800-786-9199 (IN USA OR CANADA) or 571-272-1000.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|||

/ALLISON M FOX/  
Primary Examiner, Art Unit 1633