**DETAILED ACTION**

# Notice of Pre-AIA or AIA Status

The present application, filed on or after March 16, 2013, is being examined under the first inventor to file provisions of the AIA.

Applicants response of 9/2/2025 has been received and entered into the application file. Claims 1-8 and 20-31 are pending, all of which have been considered on the merits.

Applicants have made significant amendments to the claims, including introduction of new limitations. MPEP 2163.06(I) requires that Applicants specifically point out the support for any amendments made to the disclosure. Despite the extensive reply, with the exception of claim 2, Applicants failed to actually point out where support for the new limitations are in the specification. Quotes without citations are not sufficient. It is noted some of the text quoted in the remarks does not appear in the actual specification, for example at page 7 of Remarks, the quoted text “Unlike cryopreserved tissue, dehydrated AM is kept at room temperature, but must be rehydrated for clinical use.” There is no citation in the remarks, and this sentence does not appear in the original specification.

# Status of Prior Rejections/Response to Arguments

**_RE: Rejection of claims 1-19 under 35 USC 112(b):_**

The amendments are sufficient to obviate the previous grounds of rejection. The rejections are **withdrawn**. The amendments have necessitated new grounds of rejection, as set forth below.

**_RE: Rejection of claim 13 under 35 USC 112(d):  
_**Cancellation of claim 13 renders the rejection thereof **moot**.

**_RE: Rejection of claims 1-20 under 35 USC 102(a)(1) and/or 103 based on primary reference Yeu et al:_**

The rejections are **withdrawn** because claim 1 now excludes a step of corneal debridement. Yeu et al teach performing corneal debridement.

# Declaration under 37 CFR 1.132

The document filed 9/2/2025 does not meet the requirements of a declaration required by 37 CFR 1.132 (see MPEP 716) as there is no acknowledgement by the declarant that willful false statements and the like are punishable by fine or imprisonment, or both and may jeopardize the validity of the application or any patent issuing thereon. The declaration does not set forth in the body of the declaration that all statements made of the declarant’s own knowledge are true and that all statements made on information and belief are believed to be true.

Furthermore, the declaration does not provide a clear nexus between the information presented therein (which is limited to patient self-reported evaluations) and the claimed invention. Specifically, it is unclear what procedure the patients underwent (beyond cataracts surgery- which is not actually required by the claims). Furthermore, the information cannot support unexpected results because there is no comparative information provided which would be required to show unexpected results.

# New Grounds of Rejection

# Claim Rejections - 35 USC § 112

The following is a quotation of the first paragraph of 35 U.S.C. 112(a):

(a) IN GENERAL.—The specification shall contain a written description of the invention, and of the manner and process of making and using it, in such full, clear, concise, and exact terms as to enable any person skilled in the art to which it pertains, or with which it is most nearly connected, to make and use the same, and shall set forth the best mode contemplated by the inventor or joint inventor of carrying out the invention.

The following is a quotation of the first paragraph of pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 112:

The specification shall contain a written description of the invention, and of the manner and process of making and using it, in such full, clear, concise, and exact terms as to enable any person skilled in the art to which it pertains, or with which it is most nearly connected, to make and use the same, and shall set forth the best mode contemplated by the inventor of carrying out his invention.

**Claims 1-8 and 20-31 are rejected under 35 U.S.C. 112(a) or 35 U.S.C. 112 (pre-AIA), first paragraph, as failing to comply with the written description requirement.** The claim(s) contains subject matter which was not described in the specification in such a way as to reasonably convey to one skilled in the relevant art that the inventor or a joint inventor, or for applications subject to pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 112, the inventor(s), at the time the application was filed, had possession of the claimed invention.

Applicants have added a large amount of new matter to the claims.

Regarding claim 1: The new limitation at lines 11-12 that the amniotic membrane is applied to the eye without performing any corneal debridement is new matter. To find support in the original disclosure there must be explicit disclosure of the negative or exclusionary limitation, or at least positive recitation of an element in order to specifically exclude that element. In the instant case, the original disclosure makes no mention of corneal debridement, thus the amendment to exclude such an activity is not supported. Applicants’ argument (Pg 3-4 of Remarks) that the absence of mention of debridement, abrasion, removal [of corneal tissue], or other surgical intervention prior to application of the amniotic membrane is sufficient to support the new negative limitation, are insufficient. A lack of literal basis in the specification for a negative limitation may not be sufficient to establish a _prima facie_ case for lack of descriptive support. _Ex parte Parks,_ 30 USPQ2d 1234, 1236 (Bd. Pat. App. & Inter. 1993). See MPEP 2173.05(i).

Additionally, the new limitation at lines 21-22 that the amniotic membrane be applied to the ocular surface without requiring orientation of an epithelial side relative to the cornea is new matter. There is no mention (positive or negative) of detecting the orientation of the amniotic membrane prior to placement. The absence of a positive step of detecting orientation does not provide support for excluding a step of orientation. Applicants’ argument (Pg 4-5 of Remarks) that the absence of a positive recitation of detecting the orientation of an epithelial side” and that the specification “implies” that application is straightforward and does not require identification of epithelial side, and thus “supports an inference that orientation is not critical” and thus can be excluded is insufficient.

All of claims 2-8 and 20-31 depend from claim 1, inherit the deficiency, and thus are rejected on same basis.

regarding claim 20: The limitation that the dehydrated amniotic membrane is applied at “approximately room temperature, eliminating the need for cryopreservation or thawing prior to use” is new matter. The response at Pg 7 admits that “the original text does not explicitly state “room temperature””, but states that “it is an inherent attribute of dehydrated amniotic products known in the art”. The response then provides a quote, but it is unclear where this quote is from. It is not accepted that providing dehydrated amniotic products at room temperature is an inherent attribute. A dehydrated amniotic membrane can be provided at any temperature. There is no support for the new claim 20, thus it is considered new matter.

Regarding claim 21: The limitation that the dehydrated amniotic membrane is stored at approximately ambient (room) temperature prior to the applying step is also new matter. The original disclosure does not mention any storage temperature, and thus this limitation cannot be added at this time. Thus claim 21 is new matter.

Regarding claim 22: The limitation that the dehydrated amniotic membrane is _trimmed_ or sized to fit the patient’s cornea prior to said applying step is considered new matter. At Pg 8 of the Remarks Applicants assert “it is common and disclosed that the membrane can be cut or trimmed to fit the patient’s corneal dimensions”. However, no citation is provided for this disclosure in the specification, and the words “cut” or “trimmed” are not found in the original specification. While trimming may have been obvious, it was not disclosed, and thus is new matter.

Regarding claim 24: The limitation that the method involves capturing images of the eye _before_ and after amniotic membrane application is considered new matter. At Pg 8 of the Remarks Applicants that the new claim limitation is broader than what is disclosed in the specification (specification only teaches taking photographs to monitor position of the amniotic membrane _after_ application). Though Applicants assert the broader claimed scope is a “logical extension of the disclosed idea”, the language is not supported. Thus claim 24 is new matter.

Regarding claims 26 and 30: The limitations regarding the time period the amniotic membrane is maintained on the eye (‘at least 24 hrs’ in claim 26, or ‘for about 2 to about 7 days’) are new matter. At Pg 9 of the Remarks Applicants assert that the specification ‘often describes leaving the membrane on for several days (e.g. until it dissolves in about a week)’, however, no citation is provided, and this text is not found in the original disclosure. At Page 9 of the Remarks Applicants admit that the specific values of are not supported in the original text. At Pg 10 of the Remarks, Applicants assert that other prior art disclosures, _e.g._ Yeu et al and Wong et al teach leaving an amniotic membrane on for about one week. Disclosure of details in prior art does not provide support for limitations in the instant application. Claims 26 and 30 contain new matter.

Regarding claim 27: The limitation that the corneal assessment include tear film stability after application is new matter. The original specification does not teach measuring tear film stability. Applicants’ argument at Pg 9 that mention of tear film stability in the background provides support for checking tear film stability as part of ocular surface re-evaluation is not accepted. The teaching in the specification is limited to reference to an article in Cataract & Refractive Surgery Today that notes “an unstable tear film or corneal pathology can interfere with preoperative measurements, leading to refractive surprises and patient dissatisfaction post-surgery”. There is no mention of specifically measuring tear film as part of ocular assessment. This is new matter.

Regarding claim 28: The limitation that the corneal assessment include corneal staining after application is new matter. The original specification does not teach corneal staining, fluorescein staining, or any other type of staining. Applicants’ argument at Pg 10 that corneal staining is inherent to ocular surface assessment is unsupported. Corneal staining is an optional test, but it is not specifically mentioned in the original disclosure, and is not accepted as inherent.

Regarding claim 28: The limitation that the ocular evaluation include measuring patient visual acuity after application is new matter. The original specification does not teach measuring patient’s visual acuity after application of the amniotic membrane. Applicants’ argument at Pg 10 assert “it is implicit that one would measure the patient’s visual acuity after the membrane treatment (to gauge improvement) and certainly after the cataract surgery.” Applicants further assert “it stands to reason that verifying the patient’s vision (e.g. clarify) after optimizing the surface would be done.” The fact that such measurements may have been obvious does not satisfy the actual written description requirement that each limitation must be supported in the original disclosure. It is further noted that the claim does not require actually performing the cataract surgery, so any argument that vision testing after cataract surgery is implicit, is immaterial to the issue at hand. Claim 28 contains new matter.

Applicant is hereby notified that the insertion of new matter into at least claim 1 has necessitated the removal of the art rejections having Yeu et al as primary reference. However, removal of new matter will result in the reinstatement of at least some of the art rejections (_e.g._ rejections under 35 USC 103 over Yeu et al, in view of Mcgaughy et al).

# Claim Rejections - 35 USC § 112

The following is a quotation of 35 U.S.C. 112(b):

(b) CONCLUSION.—The specification shall conclude with one or more claims particularly pointing out and distinctly claiming the subject matter which the inventor or a joint inventor regards as the invention.

The following is a quotation of 35 U.S.C. 112 (pre-AIA), second paragraph:

The specification shall conclude with one or more claims particularly pointing out and distinctly claiming the subject matter which the applicant regards as his invention.

**Claims 1-8 and 20-31 are rejected under 35 U.S.C. 112(b) or 35 U.S.C. 112 (pre-AIA), second paragraph, as being indefinite for failing to particularly point out and distinctly claim the subject matter which the inventor or a joint inventor (or for applications subject to pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 112, the applicant), regards as the invention.**

Regarding claim 1: Line 15 states “following placement”. It is unclear what is placed, the amniotic membrane or the intraocular lens. Clarification is required.

All of claims 2-8 and 20-31 depend from claim 1, inherit the deficiency, and thus are rejected on same basis.

Regarding claim 2: As amended, claim 1 requires a step of _preparing_ an amniotic membrane by verifying that it is sterile and properly sized for the patient’s eye prior to _applying_ the membrane to the eye. Thus in claim 2 it is unclear how the step of _applying_ the membrane to the eye further comprises a step of ensuring its sterility and sizing it for application. It was already deemed properly sized in the previous step, thus what action is required to actively size it in the subsequent step? Clarification is required.

Regarding claim 8: The phrase “maintaining said amniotic membrane is maintained on the eye for at least one week” renders the claim indefinite. Furthermore, the phrase “monitoring the patient’s recovery is monitored prior to …” renders the claim indefinite. Furthermore it is unclear if an active step of performing biometric measurements is required or not. The metes and bounds of the claim cannot be determined.

Regarding claim 21: In line 3, the phrase “ambient (room) temperature” renders the claim indefinite. Ambient temperature has a broader scope than room temperature. It is not clear if room temperature (recognized as approximately 25 ([[#^comment-0|Comment Unknown Author 1]])C) is required, or merely a non-limiting example.

Regarding claim 30: It is unclear if an active step of performing biometric measurements is required or not. The metes and bounds of the claim cannot be determined.

# Conclusion

Applicant's amendment necessitated the new ground(s) of rejection presented in this Office action. Accordingly, **THIS ACTION IS MADE FINAL**. See MPEP § 706.07(a). Applicant is reminded of the extension of time policy as set forth in 37 CFR 1.136(a).

A shortened statutory period for reply to this final action is set to expire THREE MONTHS from the mailing date of this action. In the event a first reply is filed within TWO MONTHS of the mailing date of this final action and the advisory action is not mailed until after the end of the THREE-MONTH shortened statutory period, then the shortened statutory period will expire on the date the advisory action is mailed, and any nonprovisional extension fee (37 CFR 1.17(a)) pursuant to 37 CFR 1.136(a) will be calculated from the mailing date of the advisory action. In no event, however, will the statutory period for reply expire later than SIX MONTHS from the mailing date of this final action.

Any inquiry concerning this communication or earlier communications from the examiner should be directed to ALLISON M FOX whose telephone number is (571)272-2936. The examiner can normally be reached M-F 10-6 EST.

Examiner interviews are available via telephone, in-person, and video conferencing using a USPTO supplied web-based collaboration tool. To schedule an interview, applicant is encouraged to use the USPTO Automated Interview Request (AIR) at http://www.uspto.gov/interviewpractice.

If attempts to reach the examiner by telephone are unsuccessful, the examiner’s supervisor, Christopher Babic can be reached at 571-272-8507. The fax phone number for the organization where this application or proceeding is assigned is 571-273-8300.

Information regarding the status of published or unpublished applications may be obtained from Patent Center. Unpublished application information in Patent Center is available to registered users. To file and manage patent submissions in Patent Center, visit: https://patentcenter.uspto.gov. Visit https://www.uspto.gov/patents/apply/patent-center for more information about Patent Center and https://www.uspto.gov/patents/docx for information about filing in DOCX format. For additional questions, contact the Electronic Business Center (EBC) at 866-217-9197 (toll-free). If you would like assistance from a USPTO Customer Service Representative, call 800-786-9199 (IN USA OR CANADA) or 571-272-1000.

/ALLISON M FOX/  
Primary Examiner, Art Unit 1633